yeah it's Tropicana let's go you ain t
ford wayne a pony for da naboo for a big
man Eddie messing with a small fry
scattered mess with somebody on the time
Jim I see you what time you'll be
walking around with your boss is a proud
acting like you are but you really soft
inside hello you want your now pull my I
see right through you straight to your
skeleton that ain't you mean you ain't
being genuine no I'm just putting out
the facts now curtain closed put down
the ash now Oh still want a crown what
you gonna do when that person on Baghdad
do I see your bluff remember this so we
someone totally tabouli you wait up you
ain't bully you wait up you ain't bully
you wait up you ain't bully you ain't
tough you wait a bully boy your waiter
boom you're waiting bully boy you're
waiting boom your waiter boy boy you're
a fool your waiter boy
you got a smart mouth you a wise guy so
cool pop fly like to pick on people you
know it tight shop did you know them
people you know it fly oh you thinking
extra stuff walk around book keep it
down with your judgment but you ain't
really saying nice feed their home and
out at you from hey I'm gonna do me you
might do it can't fool me know something
that I know for sure you act like you
not but you really is cure yeah homie
really immature not enough attention you
be really craving more what you doing
nothing new you ain't a bully
disheartened or nothing bully you ain't
tough you're waiting bully you wait up
you ain't bully you ain't tough you wait
you wait you wait a bully boy you wait
you wait a bully boy you ain't boom you
waited only boy you're a bully your way
to bully boy
I'll do it internet gang where they do
that it you ain't her homie you ain't
where troopers that haha why are you
acting like you better than knowing that
you can't a shit on medicine yeah get
down you know what I mais de enero nada
mija computer screams little room you
better than home get a life Nick fun
zone better new way to bully you wait up
you later bully you wait up you ain't
bully your way tough you ain't bully you
ain't tough you wait your bully boy are
you a move your way to bully boy your
weight your bully your way to bully boy
your way to bully you ain't a bully boy
your way to pull your weight a bully you
wait up your weight pulling your weight
up your way to bully you wait up your
weight bowling your weight tough wait
your bully boy waiting boom your weight
a bully boy you're waiting boo you wait
a bully boy you're a bully your way
yo we had lamberton high man in philly
just got done ripping a pep rally for
the high school for the boys basketball
team man talk to me we got a trial we
got ya as we got kid fresh talk to me we
definitely went down to date Lambert oh
hi I'm losing my voice was crazy in
there man no trace going that bit all
three of us did was a little hard to
hear man it's not yours the truth is
which is a couple weeks ago and it ain't
and one is to come back we did it again
did it again so now I think I think you
know me being a promoter there's my job
to set up a concert at the school after
party / concert you know what I mean on
a weekend or something like that so
that's what we're gonna work on now we
definitely are freely lamberton winning
hard and everything y'all want to talk
about any projects y'all got or yall
already did there was you know no man
white boys been working on we got a
project coming with young Steff we got
our project coming with Billy the Kid
soon um the bully song about to get
released for sale soon you got a lot of
things in the works man so we just
grinded doing these schools doing these
shows keeping in this studio and put
your work man that's what we bout okay
okay shout out that home back in studios
I go on the road buddy and Miguel
starting next month Oh currently
Chalmers with a diggy simmons on a track
which is probably ago so
we got some more stuff coming up the
school tour to just started at levity
today so exactly which things are crazy
and I can't be picky that's all i'ma say
that's that's just too much info okay I
got five right there man all right cue
track on the radio man Gilly the kid
trouble in it young staff training can't
keep going there who shot who did the
track shutout alloy oh did the child lr
super-producer lr fuel no he don't work
on everybody from Rueter Jada we want
name we don't work okay that's what it
is man Lamberton definitely got it in so
we're gonna be a feeling all night man
we're hitting the bat cave hitting a
couple other studios on stacks moolah
we're coming to see you stacks we know
you somewhere around here we got DA's
production is definitely in the building
you know me we got all the young stars
right here say what's up save yourself
ready by you got all the young stars not
i mean that's our future okay mitchell
and ness hey let me see that mitchell
ness again now they can trace posterous
we get awake your sponsor by mitchell
next they actually built right here
alright mmm